the rotam team tackled two elements on a red titan motorcycle
at dawn on the avenue gaturamo when doing the check of the motorcycle
that the author is spared in the face of the
the elements were sent to the police station of the municipality of Arapongas
together with the bike
according to the delegate valter helmut kohl
only alexsandro oliveira silva ended up being detained exactly the same as
very large incidence as our 12
always two occupants of a motorcycle ended up making several assaults
to passers-by that the municipality is located
is the hacker coming back from work or going to work
is a given today with the respective Czech approach of the two boys is the
chaos already has antecedents by reception of vehicle
and once checked out your bike's chassis was intact however
the 'engine' mabe checked appeared in with an event bulletin
that this motor belongs to a stolen motorcycle
reason why the police officers were heard
was duly interrogated offender he was charged in flagrante delicto
reception
is not everything since placing the toucan called athletes with the support of
police but ended up needing to score
is in fact a clandestine market for stolen parts in the
and sometimes the compelling need is
they
trying to avoid having expenses
they end up taking risks and acquiring products
is of illicit origin
is that it is no longer any primary in these conditions
He had fractures on his face.
a convict was product of robbery of the municipality of ibiporã
he was assessed at that opportunity too and now again on trial now
by receipt of an author of the motorcycle in case the bada
with two people who were on the bike on top of olive tree leaves that
ended up was arrested on the charge was found with the same is not yet the
conductor
a small portion of marijuana
is being elaborated the detailed term with respect also in the
However, according to
publicly declined that from his driver
he was heard he was properly berardo